IP Allowlisting GA [DOC-986] (#6892)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/index.md

> info "You must manually configure bulk batches for Actions destinations"
> To support bulk batching for the Actions Webhook destination, you must set `enable-batching: true` and `batch_size: >= 1000`.

## IP Allowlisting

IP Allowlisting uses a NAT gateway to route traffic from Segment's servers to your destination through a limited range of IP addresses, which can prevent malicious actors from establishing TCP and UDP connections with your integrations.

IP Allowlisting is available for customers on Business Tier plans.

> info ""

> > Segment might add additional IP address ranges. Before adding additional ranges, Segment will send an email to all Workspace Owners notifying them of the update. 

Reviewer: Please don't feel like you need to take this word for word but I think this will cause less confusion:

```suggestion
> Backwards compatibility for existing functionality will be respected. Segment might add additional IP address ranges to support new features & functionality. Before adding additional ranges, Segment will send an email to all Workspace Owners, with IP Allowlisting enabled, notifying them of the new range to enable and which feature they are compatible with. 
```

### Supported destinations

> Segment supports IP Allowlisting in all Classic and Actions destinations except for the following:

Reviewer 2: Classic and Actions destinations as these are internal names for categorization, so customers likely may not understand this. 

Couple of suggestions to resolve (pls feel free to ignore if there are more elegant solutions)
1. reword to All destinations in Catalog (link to the Catalog) except the following
2. add links to Classic and Actions destinations

Author: I'll go with the first option! Good callout, thanks!
